I this great look at the B and W M one
speaker in silver just one it's silver
so I've mounted on the wall about my TV
to use as my Center speaker how much it
sticks out from the wall
and I don't leave the cable coming out
from the back over there it's quite
straightforward to mount this it's all
done with this small allen key you have
down there which you use in the back of
here don't know if you can see this I
can't really see that well but the small
allen key around the back here which
used to adjust it and move it and rotate
it to whatever angle you want and this
the little plastic cover that goes on
the wall and covers up the piece
underneath a little metal plate there
and the speaker wires go straight into
it and then put a couple of screws in
the wall just any old screw with raw
plug into the wall and this big cable
comes up from there nicely in to their
little piece yeah and it all nicely
joins in their little circuit board
thing to meet up the cable connection
from the wall mount to the speaker um
you know the cable coming out either the
back or the other side and if you do it
properly you don't need somehow hide
this in the wall yeah very neat way to
attach it and it looks nice as a
synthesis beaker any good system is a
good size not too small not too big so
get enough enough base out of it to be a
good mid-range speaker alright thanks
for watching